docs: Remove admin role requirement for SPE container type creation (#10877)
SharePoint/sp-dev-docs: docs/embedded/getting-started/containertypes.md

1. [Trial container type](#trial-container-type). Uses the `trial` billing classification.
1. [Standard container type](#standard-container-types-nontrial). Uses the `standard` or `directToCustomer` billing classification.

To create a container type, your Microsoft Entra ID application needs the [`FileStorageContainerType.Manage.All`](/graph/permissions-reference#filestoragecontainertypemanageall) **delegated** Microsoft Graph permission. Application-only access isn't supported for this endpoint. The calling user must be a non-guest member of the owning tenant. Administrator roles aren't required. The calling user is automatically assigned as an owner of the new container type. For details on owner capabilities and how to manage owners, see [Container type owner capabilities](../development/auth.md#container-type-owner-capabilities).

Call the [Create fileStorageContainerType](/graph/api/filestorage-post-containertypes) endpoint:

```http
POST https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/storage/fileStorage/containerTypes
Content-Type: application/json

{
  "name": "{ContainerTypeName}",

>   "owningApplicationId": "{ApplicationId}",

Reviewer: Is this correct?

Author: I just verified it is indeed `owningAppId` reverting

## Viewing container types

You can list container types in your tenant by calling the [List fileStorageContainerType](/graph/api/filestorage-list-containertypes) endpoint. Results are filtered by ownership: non-administrator users see only the container types they have a permission on. [SharePoint Embedded Administrators](/entra/identity/role-based-access-control/permissions-reference#sharepoint-embedded-administrator) and [Global Administrators](/entra/identity/role-based-access-control/permissions-reference#global-administrator) see every container type in the tenant.

## Registering container types

To create and interact with containers, you must [register](../getting-started/register-api-documentation.md) the container type within the Consuming Tenant. The owning application defines the permissions for the container type by invoking the [Create fileStorageContainerTypeRegistration](/graph/api/filestorage-post-containertyperegistrations) endpoint.

## Deleting container types

> You can only delete trial container types. Deletion of standard container types isn't yet supported. Before you delete a container type, you need to remove every container of that type, including from the deleted container collection. To remove containers, see [Consuming Tenant Admin](../administration/consuming-tenant-admin/cta.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can only delete trial container types. Deletion of standard container types isn't yet supported. Before you delete a container type, you need to remove every container of that type, including from the deleted container collection. To remove containers, see [Delete fileStorageContainer](/graph/api/filestorage-delete-containers).
```
